C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/appsettings.Development.json
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/appsettings.json
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/backend.staticwebassets.endpoints.json
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/backend.exe
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/backend.deps.json
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/backend.runtimeconfig.json
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/backend.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/backend.pdb
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Humanizer.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.Build.Locator.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.InMemory.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Mono.TextTemplating.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Npgsql.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Npgsql.EntityFrameworkCore.PostgreSQL.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/System.CodeDom.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/System.Composition.Convention.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/System.Composition.Hosting.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/System.Composition.Runtime.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/cs/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/de/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/es/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/fr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/it/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/ja/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/ko/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/pl/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/pt-BR/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/ru/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/tr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hans/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hant/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/cs/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/de/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/es/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/fr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/it/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/ja/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/ko/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/pl/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/pt-BR/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/ru/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/tr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hans/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hant/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/cs/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/de/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/es/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/fr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/it/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/ja/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/ko/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/pl/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/pt-BR/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/ru/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/tr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hans/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hant/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/cs/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/de/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/es/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/fr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/it/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/ja/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/ko/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/pl/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/pt-BR/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/ru/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/tr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hans/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hant/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/cs/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/de/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/es/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/fr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/it/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/ja/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/ko/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/pl/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/pt-BR/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/ru/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/tr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hans/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hant/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/scopedcss/bundle/backend.styles.css
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/staticwebassets.build.json
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/staticwebassets.development.json
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/staticwebassets.build.endpoints.json
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.backend.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.backend.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssetEndpoints.props
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.build.backend.props
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.backend.props
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.buildTransitive.backend.props
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/staticwebassets.pack.json
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.csproj.Up2Date
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/refint/backend.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.pdb
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/obj/Debug/net9.0/ref/backend.dll
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.pdb
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/appsettings.Development.json
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/appsettings.json
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/backend.staticwebassets.endpoints.json
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/backend
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/backend.deps.json
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/backend.runtimeconfig.json
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/backend.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/backend.pdb
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Humanizer.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.Build.Locator.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.InMemory.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Mono.TextTemplating.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Npgsql.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Npgsql.EntityFrameworkCore.PostgreSQL.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/System.CodeDom.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/System.Composition.Convention.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/System.Composition.Hosting.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/System.Composition.Runtime.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/cs/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/de/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/es/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/fr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/it/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/ja/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/ko/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/pl/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/pt-BR/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/ru/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/tr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hans/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hant/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/cs/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/de/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/es/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/fr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/it/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/ja/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/ko/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/pl/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/pt-BR/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/ru/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/tr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hans/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hant/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/cs/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/de/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/es/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/fr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/it/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/ja/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/ko/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/pl/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/pt-BR/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/ru/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/tr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hans/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hant/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/cs/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/de/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/es/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/fr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/it/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/ja/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/ko/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/pl/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/pt-BR/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/ru/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/tr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hans/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hant/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/cs/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/de/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/es/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/fr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/it/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/ja/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/ko/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/pl/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/pt-BR/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/ru/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/tr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hans/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/zh-Hant/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.AssemblyInfo.cs
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/scopedcss/bundle/backend.styles.css
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/staticwebassets.build.json
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/staticwebassets.development.json
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/staticwebassets.build.endpoints.json
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.backend.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.backend.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssetEndpoints.props
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.build.backend.props
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.backend.props
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.buildTransitive.backend.props
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/staticwebassets.pack.json
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.csproj.Up2Date
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.dll
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/refint/backend.dll
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/backend.genruntimeconfig.cache
/app/obj/Debug/net9.0/ref/backend.dll
c:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/BCrypt.Net-Next.dll
c:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
c:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
c:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:/Users/Pichau/Documents/Arquivos/Programacao/Apps/projetos novos/netmov/backend/bin/Debug/net9.0/appsettings.Production.json
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/appsettings.Production.json
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/BCrypt.Net-Next.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
/app/bin/Debug/net9.0/System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.Production.json
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\backend.staticwebassets.endpoints.json
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\backend.exe
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\backend.deps.json
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\backend.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\backend.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\backend.pdb
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\BCrypt.Net-Next.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Humanizer.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Build.Locator.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.InMemory.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Mono.TextTemplating.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Npgsql.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Npgsql.EntityFrameworkCore.PostgreSQL.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.CodeDom.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Composition.Convention.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\bundle\backend.styles.css
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.endpoints.json
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.backend.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.backend.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssetEndpoints.props
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.backend.props
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.backend.props
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.backend.props
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\backend.dll
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.pdb
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Pichau\Documents\Arquivos\Programacao\Apps\projetos novos\netmov\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\backend.dll
